okay I started recording again but it's
going to be a different video we float
this is our adventure
jump of volcano it's dark run away
but very my oh you and I'll saw me crazy
oh whoops run it's dark I don't care
sissy stop liking me you crazy dog Mike
hi what's up I don't know you but oh my
god oh my god that scared me I think we
have a problem with our adventure oh no
you made it
crap I can't how did you make that I'm
not trying to go that far
there we go
I feel sorry Evie I'm sad I'm sorry I
just killed that big Dino I killed a big
Dino a second ago oh I'll bet they can
see my mouse right now bye-bye mousey I
just come on Oh God Evie
we have another problem jump over that
one was easy sissy sissy you want out of
my lap yes failure is not an option
whoa
it's this one again it's the one that
you killed yourself on
you you you glitch too much it always
looks like you make it but then you
glitch off somewhere else failure we go
back we go this way we go this way
Evie Evie oh crap
felt failures not an option you be made
it huh Cece do you hear that sissy you
go away sissy you went out of my lap now
okay so she gets out my city you're
caught the wire there we go
Evie you can do it I know you'll can
maybe oh crap what well it looks like
you made it yay
well crap huh I'm gonna get rigged here
in a second make it look like you're
runnin with me like wait a second I'm
Way back there
what Evie oh my god the screen keeps
moving Oh
this game is WWE pixel jam calm / dyno
run made it I'm just gonna venture on
show everyone what's going on here in
this town there's another one
Eevee I don't think you want to come
worn this way ah the screen run run it's
comments everywhere run cuz I die no
none Eevee the screen
it's creepy run away
uhh Eevee shelter we don't have shelter
that's bad thing about this place
Evi do you think we should in this video
here I'm I'm hiding under shelter I'm in
shelter evey I'm safe I'm sliding get me
out of there maybe do you think we
should end this video
maybe don't leave me I I do do you think
we should in the video I can't hear you
if you're talking I'm just jumping and
says he needs to go outside
ah you say something
sissy hold on okay bye bye bye bye
YouTube or wherever I'm writing the